The Firmwide Personal Account Dealing Policy outlines specific reporting, certification and preclearance requirements for all personal investments by employees and contingent workers (Workforce Members) who are subject to the Policy. As such, Workforce Members are required to carry out their personal investments in accordance with this Policy and certify that they understand and will comply with the following provisions:

    Subject employees are required to maintain their, and Employee-associated, Disclosable Accounts with an Approved Broker. The requirement to maintain accounts with an Approved Broker excludes contingent workers and employees in locations where approved brokers are not available. Mutual fund only accounts (without brokerage capabilities) are not subject to this requirement.

    Subject Workforce Members, who are required to preclear, must obtain pre-transaction approval from both Compliance and a designated approval manager, where applicable. Workforce Members must await confirmation of preclearance prior to placing an order for the intended transaction.

    All personal investment policies that apply to you also apply to "Employee-Associated Accounts" and Investments, regardless whether domestic or foreign. These accounts and investments include, but are not limited to, those that are established, maintained or controlled (either directly or indirectly) by;
        The subject Employee;
        The subject Employee's spouse, domestic partner or minor children (even if financially independent);
        the subject Employee or with the subject Employee's consent or knowledge and in which the subject Employee has a direct or indirect financial interest;
        Anyone to whom the subject Employee provides significant financial support or for which the subject Employee, or anyone listed above, has or shares the power, directly or indirectly, to make investment decisions (whether the subject Employee or other party has a financial interest in the account or not.)


Subject employees are responsible for all trading activities in Employee-Associated Accounts and investments made by Employee-Associated Persons. Subject employees must ensure that these activities are conducted and investments are made in compliance with this Policy. 